feat(Page): added responsive docked nav (#12327)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/demos/Nav.md

```ts isFullscreen file="./examples/Nav/NavDrilldown.tsx"

```

### Docked nav

To save space in the UI, you can use docked navigation to replace text-labeled navigation items with relevant icons. On mobile (or narrow viewports), docked navigation appears as an overlay, while on desktop (or wider viewports) it displays as a persistent vertical sidebar that can toggle between icon-only and text+icon modes.

This demo includes the following features:

> **Key implementation requirements:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Erin please don't point out my forgetfulness 😭

> 1. A [page](/components/page) component with a docked layout, enabled with `variant="docked"`. Control the mobile overlay with `isDockExpanded` and the desktop label visibility with `isDockTextExpanded`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A [page](/components/page) component with a docked layout, enabled via `variant="docked"`. Control the mobile overlay with `isDockExpanded` and the desktop label visibility with `isDockTextExpanded`.
```

2. Two separate [masthead](/components/masthead) components:
   - **Horizontal mobile masthead**: Shown on small viewports using `display={{ default: 'inline' }}`, with a hamburger menu toggle button, brand logo, and action buttons that should be immediately visible to users.
   - **Vertical docked masthead**: Uses `variant="docked"` to create a thinner navigation sidebar with a hamburger menu toggle button, nav items, and action buttons.

3. A [navigation](/components/navigation) component with `variant="docked"` and multiple `<NavItem>` components that must include both icons and text labels. To control text visibility, `isTextExpanded={isDockTextExpanded}` is passed to the `<Nav>` component.

> 4. [Button](/components/button) and [menu toggle](/components/menus/menu-toggle) components, which use `isDocked` and `isTextExpanded` to toggle between icon-only and text+icon styles. When the nav is docked, and only icons are shown, tooltips must provide full text labels for the navigation items, buttons, and menu toggles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Button](/components/button) and [menu toggle](/components/menus/menu-toggle) components, which use `isDocked` and `isTextExpanded` to toggle between icon-only and text+icon styles. When the nav is docked, and only icons are shown, [tooltips](/components/tooltip) must provide full text labels for the navigation items, buttons, and menu toggles.
```

```ts isFullscreen file="./examples/Nav/NavDrilldown.tsx"

```

### Docked nav

The docked navigation pattern provides a responsive vertical navigation layout that adapts between mobile and desktop viewports. On mobile, the navigation appears as an overlay, while on desktop it displays as a persistent vertical sidebar that can toggle between icon-only and text+icon modes.

> **Key implementation requirements:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save space in the UI, you can use docked navigation to replace text-labeled navigation items with relevant icons. On mobile (or narrow viewports), docked navigation appears as an overlay, while on desktop (or wider viewports) it displays as a persistent vertical sidebar that can toggle between icon-only and text+icon modes.

This demo includes the following features:
```

> 1. **Page component**: Set `variant="docked"` to enable the docked layout. Pass `isDockExpanded` and `isDockTextExpanded` state props to control mobile overlay and desktop text visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A [page](/components/page) component with a docked layout, enabled with `variant="docked"`. Control the mobile overlay and label visibility with `isDockExpanded` and `isDockTextExpanded`.
```
are the 2 props 1:1 respective to the mobile overlay and desktop text visibility? like isDockExpanded is for use with mobile overlay and the other with desktop? Or are both used in both scenarios

Author: So isdockExpanded is for the mobile overlay, and isDockTextExpanded is for the desktop label visibility. What I have locally for now is:

1. A [page](/components/page) component with a docked layout, enabled with `variant="docked"`. Control the mobile overlay with `isDockExpanded` and the desktop label visibility with `isDockTextExpanded`.

2. **Masthead structure**: Use two separate mastheads:
   - **Mobile masthead**: Set `display={{ default: 'inline' }}` so it only appears on mobile. Include a hamburger toggle button, logo, and any mobile-specific actions.

>    - **Docked masthead**: Set `variant="docked"` for the vertical navigation sidebar. This contains the navigation toggle, nav items, and action buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Two separate [masthead](/components/masthead) components:
   - **Mobile masthead**: Shown on small viewports using `display={{ default: 'inline' }}`, with a hamburger menu toggle button, brand logo, and any mobile-specific actions.
   - **Docked masthead**: Uses `variant="docked"` to create a thinner navigation sidebar with a hamburger menu toggle button, nav items, and action buttons.
```

_and any mobile-specific actions._ > what does this refer to? are there examples we can give? I can't quite tell looking at the demo myself

Author: I think we could remove that part. I would think the mobile masthead would just contain any actions that should be visible immediately without having to open the docked overlay (similar to at desktop widths, the docked nav always being visible means those same actions are always visible). What do you think of this tweak:

2. Two separate [masthead](/components/masthead) components:
   - **Horizontal mobile masthead**: Shown on small viewports using `display={{ default: 'inline' }}`, with a hamburger menu toggle button, brand logo, and action buttons that should be immediately visible to users.
   - **Vertical docked masthead**: Uses `variant="docked"` to create a thinner navigation sidebar with a hamburger menu toggle button, nav items, and action buttons.

> 3. **Navigation component**: Set `variant="docked"` on Nav and pass `isTextExpanded={isDockTextExpanded}` to control text visibility. NavItems should include both icons and text children—the Nav component will handle showing/hiding text based on state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A [navigation](/components/navigation) component with `variant="docked"` and multiple <NavItem>` components that include both icons and text labels. To control text visibility, `isTextExpanded={isDockTextExpanded}` is passed to the `<Nav>` component. `
```

> 4. **Buttons and toggles**: Use `isDocked` and `isTextExpanded` props on Button and MenuToggle components within the docked navigation. These props apply dock-specific styling that toggles between icon-only and text+icon display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Button](/components/button) and [menu toggle](/components/menus/menu-toggle) components, which use `isDocked` and `isTextExpanded` to toggle between icon-only and text+icon styles. When the nav is docked, and only icons are shown, tooltips provide full labels for the navigation items.
```

> 5. **Logo variants**: Use `isCompact` prop on MastheadLogo to show an icon-only logo when the dock is collapsed, and a full logo with text when expanded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. A `<MastheadLogo>` component that uses `isCompact` to show an icon-only logo when the dock is collapsed, and a full logo with text when expanded.
```

> 6. **Focus management**: Implement focus shifting between the mobile toggle button and docked nav toggle button when opening/closing the navigation for better keyboard accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Would remove this or rephrase it, since the rest of the list is more functional/specific implementation details. If you want to keep this, I would either add specifics about how this is managed, or just add it as a note after the list like this (not sure if I'm understanding the "buttons" mentioned here correctly): 

**Note:** For better keyboard accessibility, ensure that focus shifts between the mobile hamburger menu toggle button and the docked button as the navigation is opened and closed.

> 7. **Tooltips**: Only render tooltips when text is hidden (icon-only mode) to avoid showing redundant information when text labels are already visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
integrated this into point 4, but open to alternatives

8. **State management**:
   - `isDockExpanded`: Controls whether the mobile overlay is shown

>    - `isDockTextExpanded`: Controls whether text is displayed alongside icons on desktop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

can remove as long as you think point 1 covers these propers clearly enough
